We human beings we are one of the best
creations of Allah subhana wa
ta'ala and we are unique as compared to
most of the other creation. Allah has
given us a free will. We can obey him or
we can disobey him. We are unique unlike
most of the other
creations. Human beings have got a free
will. And if after Allah has given us a
free will, if you obey him, you become
on a higher level, higher status. But if
you don't obey him, you go to the
law. And Allah subhanana wa ta'ala
says in chapter number 95 verse number
four that we have created the human
beings in the best of
molds and this life that we lead it is a
test for the hereafter. Allah says
in surah mulk chapter number 67 verse
number
two it is Allah who has created death
and life to
test which of you is good indeeds. So
this life that we are undergoing in this
world it is a test for the hereafter.
Allah says Allah has created death and
life to test which of you is good in
deeds.
Allah says in surah alan chapter number
three verse number
185 every soul shall have a taste of
death and the final recompense will be
on the day of judgment and anyone who
has been saved from the hellfire and
enters Jenna the garden he would have
achieved the objective of this
world for this world is nothing but mere
chatles of deception.
It is further mentioned in the Quran in
surah bakra chapter number two verse
number
155. Allah says surely we will test
you with something of fear or hunger
with loss of goods or lies or fruits of
toils and give glad tidings to the
person who is patiently perseverance.
So this life for the human beings is a
test for the hereafter. Allah will test
you with fear or with hunger or with
loss of goods or loss of lives or loss
of toils of fruits of your
toils. But
give glad tide to the person who is
patiently perseverance.
Allah says in the Quran in surah Nahal
chapter number 16 verse number 71 that
Allah gives more sustainance to
some as compared to the
others. Allah says in suraham chapter
number 6 verse number 165 Allah gives
gifts more to some as compared to the
others to test them.
Allah says in surah anfal chapter number
88 verse number 28 that your wealth and
your children are a test for
you. Allah says in surah tagabun chapter
number 64 verse number
14 that
some amongst your wives and our children
are your
enemies. Allah is saying that some of
your wives and your children are your
enemies. Allah is testing you with
wealth and
children. Allah says in surah an kabud
chapter number 29 verse number
two that it is Allah who will come to
know who is false and who is true
amongst
you. This life that we
lead it's a test for the hereafter. And
Allah has showed us the path to
salvation. Allah has shown us the rahad.
Allah says in surah als chapter number
103 verse number 1
to3 that by the token of time man is
verily in a state of loss except those
who have
faith, those who have righteous deed,
those who exalt people to truth and
those who exalt people to patience and
perseverance. These are the minimum four
criteria for any human being to go to
Jenna. This is known as the path to
salvation.